Speak up today and let's do the review.
iphone 5 s
and it's still worth playing the mint
The iPhone 5 s has a design similar to the
that we already found on iphone 5
the only difference is that now he has
more available color than color
a novelty on the iphone 5 is the
presence of touch sensor and ipad is enough
put your finger here your digital and
it unlocks the device you can
register up to five fingerprints
different and the process is quite
simple
only the only use at the moment for
the touchpad is that it serves precisely
for you to unlock the device or
to dispense with the usefulness of
password at the time you download the
app as in iphone 5 or 5s
also has a 4 inch screen
also she is a retina and how can you
view account with beautiful pictures
talk a little bit about the
performance the 5s has the chip at 7 and the
processing has become even better
optimized and a smartphone can run
any type of application can see
which it opens and closes quickly will
opening a party app is also fine
fast then how about that the smartphone
It's going to be pretty much everything.
simple very very very fast
as you can see we're playing
the asphalt 7 and the graphics as well as being
excellent you can also notice the
fluidity that the device provides
great gameplay is important to highlight
one with a processor called m 7 that
allows all movement data
monitored and captured by the
gyroscope accelerometer and even
compass without using the chip 7 which
optimizes the battery life in the
5s connectivity well served
since it has 4 g bluetooth 4.0 o
wifi abgn we also have gps plus e
drop and airplay where you can play
mirror your smartphone image is from
5s on your tv using an apple tv
but a little on the iphone 5 camera
s features an 8 megapixel sensor
the photos are still great
but the big news here is
account of the new double led flash 5 yet
was unique that is double and brings
technology brought tony that uses
hot and cold shades here to
achieve results in photos
especially where light is scarce with
greater fidelity
Another highlight in the 5s camera is the
feature called slow or slow motion
motion 120 frames per second if he
your clip and then you have good results
funny
as we see in all iphones so far the
battery is always that point where the
most critical people and unfortunately the
iphone 5 's did not get practically
no improvement over the 515 to
people had 1,440 million perez aquino
5s 1560 but now we have to rafael
you end up using a lot if you
is a heavy user but there around the
4 pm you're going to have to
Put the iphone 5 back on the wall
if you use it moderately you can
reach the end of the day with him
iphones recessions always improve
what was presented in the model
previous
are practically updates we can
see that in the 3gs in the 4s and now on the iphone
5 sec
it brings exactly the same design to
same screen but it has more
improved camera performance and
always sharp connections
battery is still a problem and the
touchpad that came out as a great
idea still does not have much use
besides unlocking the screen and downloading
new applications without the need for
typing the azimuth
for more information click on the link that
is here in the description of this video if
Do you have any doubt, please, if you let
your comments down here on youtube
Do not forget to enjoy this too.
video to subscribe to our channel and
favorite to help people not follow
also on social networks that the next
person
yea